Added new example to show how to use TLS and jwt-svids when a reverse proxy is in the middle (#141)
spiffe/go-spiffe: v2/examples/spiffe-jwt-using-proxy/README.md

> # HTTP over TLS and JWT-SVIDs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Authenticating Workloads over TLS-encrypted HTTP Connections Using JWT-SVIDs
```

This example shows how to use the go-spiffe library to make a server workload authenticate a client workload using JWT-SVIDs fetched from the Workload API. 

JWT-SVIDs are useful when the workloads are not able to establish an mTLS communication channel between each other. For instance, when the server workload is behind a TLS terminating load balancer or proxy, a client workload cannot be authenticated directly by the server via mTLS and X.509-SVID. So, an alternative is to forego authenticating the client at the load balancer or proxy and instead require that clients authenticate via SPIFFE JWT-SVIDs conveyed directly to the server via the application layer.

The scenario used in this example goes like this:
1. The server starts:

>    - Creates an X509Source.

Author: I will add some of these where I feel it makes sense, then if you think we need more, just let me know.

   - Creates a JWTSource.

>    - Starts listening HTTP requests using TLS authentication for establishing the connection. Only one resource is served at `/`.

Author: I'm not sure either, let's ask @azdagron what he thinks about this.

>    - Starts listening HTTP requests using TLS authentication for establishing the connection. Only one resource is served at `/`.

Reviewer 2: Maybe `Starts listening for HTTP requests over TLS.`?

## Creating a JWTSource
On the scenario described we can see that only the client and the server workloads create a [JWTSource](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/spiffe/go-spiffe/v2/workloadapi?tab=doc#JWTSource), this is because the proxy workload doesn't need to deal with JWTs since the server is the one in charge of authenticating the clients:
```go
    jwtSource, err := workloadapi.NewJWTSource(
		ctx,
		workloadapi.WithClientOptions(workloadapi.WithAddr(socketPath)),
	)
```
Where:
- ctx is a `context.Context`. `NewJWTSource` blocks until the first Workload API response is received or this context times out or is cancelled.
- socketPath is the address of the Workload API (`unix:///tmp/agent.sock`) to which the internal Workload API client connects to get up-to-date SVIDs. Alternatively, we could have omitted this configuration option, in which case the listener would have used the `SPIFFE_ENDPOINT_SOCKET` environment variable to locate the Workload API. The code could have then been written like this:
```go
	jwtSource, err := workloadapi.NewJWTSource(ctx)
```
Althought both workloads create a `JWTSource`, it is used differently in each case:

> The **client workload** uses the `JWTSource` to get a JWT-SVID by calling its [FetchJWTSVID](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/spiffe/go-spiffe/v2/workloadapi?tab=doc#JWTSource.FetchJWTSVID) function:

Reviewer: I like how you added "function" here.

- audience is the intended recipient of the JWT-SVID, by default it is `spiffe://example.org/server`, otherwise it is equals to the value passed as the first argument of the client's executable.

Then, the client uses the JWT-SVID to set a bearer token to the request's `Authorization` header:
```go
	req, err := http.NewRequest("GET", serverURL, nil)
	.
	.
	.
	req.Header.Set("Authorization", fmt.Sprintf("Bearer %s", svid.Marshal()))
```

The **server workload** uses the `JWTSource` to authenticate the client by calling the [ParseAndValidate](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/spiffe/go-spiffe/v2/svid/jwtsvid?tab=doc#ParseAndValidate) function:
```go
	_, err := jwtsvid.ParseAndValidate(token, a.jwtSource, a.audiences)
```
Where:
- token is the marshalled JWT-SVID sent by the client in the `Authorization` header.
- a.jwtSource is the `JWTSource`.
- a.audiences is a slice of strings. Specifies a list of expected audiences in the `aud` field of the token.

When `ParseAndValidate` returns an error, the server returns an `Unauthorized` status. Otherwise, the request continues normal processing.

## That is it!

> As we can see the go-spiffe library allows your application avoiding to deal with the implementation details of the Workload API. You just create the SVID sources you need and then ask the library for what you need in an ergonomic fashion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As we can see the go-spiffe library allows your application avoiding to deal with the implementation details of the Workload API. You just create the SVID sources and then simply ask the library for what you need.
```
Ergonomic is more for a chair :-)

Author: :rofl:  
I just wanted to remark that the library adapts very well to several situations that are already known by Go devs. For instance, there is not much difference between creating a regular TLS connection and a SPIFFE-enabled one (once you have the server and agent up and running with a proper configuration).
Anyway I'm ok with changing it.

## Building
To build the client workload:
```bash
cd examples/spiffe-jwt-using-proxy/client
go build
```

To build the proxy workload:
```bash
cd examples/spiffe-jwt-using-proxy/proxy
go build
```

To build the server workload:
```bash
cd examples/spiffe-jwt-using-proxy/server
go build
```

## Running
This example assumes the following preconditions:

> - There is a SPIRE server and agent up and running.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- There is a SPIRE Server and Agent up and running.
```

- There is a Unix workload attestor configured.
- The trust domain is `example.org`.
- The agent SPIFFE ID is `spiffe://example.org/host`.

> - There is a `server-workload` and `client-workload` user in the system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- There are `server-workload` and `client-workload` users in the system.
```
Does the group of these two users need to be documented? Do the executables need to be chowned somehow?

Author: No need to document the group, because it is not used when creating the registration entries.
About the executables permissions...I didn't need to chown them when testing the scenario...so I would say they don't need to be chowned.

Create two registration entries, one for the client workload and another for the server and proxy workloads:

Server:
```bash
./spire-server entry create -spiffeID spiffe://example.org/server \
                            -parentID spiffe://example.org/host \
                            -selector unix:user:server-workload
```

Client: 
```bash
./spire-server entry create -spiffeID spiffe://example.org/client \
                            -parentID spiffe://example.org/host \
                            -selector unix:user:client-workload
```

We will use the `server-workload` user to run the proxy because we want it to be as transparent as possible to the client. By using this user, the proxy will get an SVID with the same SPIFFE ID as the server, due to the `unix:user:server-workload` selector used when registering the entry.

### 2. Start the server
Start the server with the `server-workload` user:
```bash
sudo -u server-workload ./server
```

### 3. Start the proxy
Start the proxy with the `server-workload` user:
```bash
sudo -u server-workload ./proxy
```

### 4. Run the client
Run the client with the `client-workload` user:
```bash
sudo -u client-workload ./client
```

> For each componet the logs would contain:  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For each component the logs would contain:  
```
Could we list the location(s) of the log files?

Author: Yeah sure. They log to standard out, so I'll clarify this.
